This software is licensed under the terms set forth in LICENSE.txt
and comes with nothing remotely resembling a guarantee. For example,
if you made a big wager on a SeasonPass game and used this software
to moderate the bet, and this software spit out a wrong answer, you
are not entitled to any compensation nor support from me of any
kind. I don't even promise that I won't collude with whoever you
made the bet with to put in some code to get the wrong answer on
purpose to let them beat you. Also, I never bothered to implement
any security on this, so I strongly discourage you from setting up
an instance where people can mess with you. I run my own server on
a local laptop with totally paranoid firewall settings.

You probably also noticed that the author of the IRL boardgame
Season Pass and I have the same name. That's because I wrote both.
You might go on to assume that this accountant is some kind of
official statement of the rules. Sadly, no. If the rules and this
program disagree, there is a bug, and the smart money would pick
the rules over the program. On the other hand, erratta is a thing,
so maybe the program won't lose out every time.

Now that we're done with all the "Don't sue me" talk, I think it
would be cool to take this spare-time code-barf and turn it into
something a bit more polished someday. Suggestions are welcome at
whatever email address this thing says you can reach me at. I get
a lot of spam, so please accept my non-legally-binding apology if
you don't get a response in a timely fashion (or at all). People
who phrase their suggestions in the form of a pull request have a
seriously higher chance of being listened to.


